DOC-6604 - thread pools (#2298)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.13/enterprise/node/operating/node-database-admin.md

   {{< note >}}

>    `maximumPoolSize` cannot be less than `enterpriseConfiguration.tuning.totalFlowThreadPoolSize + enterpriseConfiguration.tuning.rpcThreadPoolSize + 2`. See [Optimising node performance]({{< relref "../../node/operating/optimizing.md" >}}) for more details. Their defaults depend on the machine they are being run, but if the `maximumPoolSize` a error will appear showing what is the minimum required.{{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `maximumPoolSize` cannot be less than `{The sum of the configured threadpools sizes} + enterpriseConfiguration.tuning.rpcThreadPoolSize + 2`. See [Optimising node performance]({{< relref "../../node/operating/optimizing.md" >}}) for more details. Their defaults depend on the machine they are being run, but if the `maximumPoolSize` a error will appear showing what is the minimum required.{{< /note >}}
```
totalFlowThreadPoolSize is not a configuration option; Corda calculates it by summarising the sizes of all the configured thread pools.
